2016-10-01:
1.邮件过滤的主要工具是基于文本分类.分类器是一个用分类方法将传入信息判定为合法或非法的系统。首先我们要用一个
训练集（大量的数据）产生一个用于判断是否为垃圾邮件的词库（describes an approach for spam filtering using Python where the interesting
spam or ham words (spam-ham lexicon) are filtered first from the training dataset and then
this lexicon is used to generate the training and testing tables that are used by variety of data
mining algorithms. Our experimentation using one dataset reveals the affectivity of the Naïve
Bayes and the SVM classifiers for spam filtering)主要的实现方法是：朴素贝叶斯和支持向量机
2.关于垃圾邮件的介绍：垃圾邮件是针对在批量发送未经请求的UCE的流行词
3.where they rely on statistical features of spam. These types of filters scan and analyze the
entire email before making a decision on whether the email is spam or not. They compare the
new email against a database/dataset of known spam emails and can match up whether the
message is spam or not.依靠垃圾邮件的统计学特性 扫描整个邮件 和数据库中的进行比较从而得出结果
2016-10-02：
1.监督学习：是指在对已有的数据集采用算法进行预测后会得到一个方程 然后将数据带入可以得到相应的结果 主要有
回归问题和分类问题。每个数据集都有相应的特征即正确答案。
2.无监督学习：聚类算法 每个数据集都没有相应的特征 没有提前告诉算法（垃圾邮件分类是监督学习的例子）
3.线性回归：样本数量i(0<i<=M,M为样本总数) 输入的变量/特征（x 比如垃圾邮件中的敏感词汇的数量占该邮件中总词汇的概率）
输出变量y 预测的结果 训练样本将用(x[i],y[i])来表示 首先利用学习算法(逻辑回归)对数据集进行处理得到相应的假设
函数 在将你需要预测的数据输入假设函数得到相应的结果
3.1：代价函数(cost function)：idea：choose a,b so that h(x) is close to y for our training examples(x,y)
minimze (h(x)-y)^2   minimize(a,b)  求相应的1/2M(平均误差)Sum(h(x)-y)^2使得其值最小a,b那么假设函数可以表示为
h(x)=a*x+b(线性回归)   
Hypothesis:h(x)=a*x+b  Parameters:a,b  CostFunction:J(a,b)=1/2MSum(h(x)-y)^2 Goal Minimize J(a,b)
轮廓图：值域图对于更高维度的很难通过画图来实现相应的假设函数
梯度下降：
   
2016-10-03：
idea:
1.In e-mail filtering task some features could be the bag of words or the subjectline analysis.
Thus, the input to e-mail classification task can be viewed as a two dimensional matrix, whose axes
are the messages and the features.E-mail classification tasks are often divided into several sub-tasks.
First, Data collection and representation are mostly problem-specific(i.e. e-mail messages).
second, e-mail feature selection and feature reduction attempt to reduce the dimensionality 
(i.e. the number of features) for the remaining steps of the task.Finally, the e-mail classification
phase of the process finds the actual mapping between training set and testing set.
In the following section we will review some of the most popular machine learning methods.
A:Naive Bayes,bayesian classifier is working on the dependent 
events and the probability of an event occuring in the future that can 
be detected from the previous occuring of the same event;Words probabilities play the main rule here
If some words occur often in spam but not in ham, then this incoming e-mail is probably spam
Every word has certain probability of occuring in spam or ham email in its database,if the total
of words probabilites exceeds a certain limit the filter will mark the email to either category

期间正在看有关机器学习的视频 记录的情况会整理贴出来
come on
